Correction to blog "Re-evaluation and existential crisis"

How is narcissistic personality disorder discovered (link below)? 

A mental health professional such as a psychologist or psychiatrist (psychotherapist) 
can determine if you have key symptoms of NPD. Your psychotherapist will give you 

1) questionnaires and then 
2) talk with you.

Tests include:

- Personality diagnostic questionnaire-4 (PDQ-4).
- Millon clinical multiaxial inventory III (MCMI-III).
- International personality disorder examination (IPDE).

As everybody knows, none of the above were done to your father. 
Therefore, the statement in your blog "Four years ago, we discovered that my father has an NPD"
are not accurate. Particularly, using the word "discovered" is wrong 
because there was no discovery at all.

Consequently, the facts were not established meaning they were made up by someone who 
very strongly wanted to believe that this made-up lie is the truth.

According to the law, this qualifies as 
"Libel: defamation with a permanent record, such as ... a website posting, etc.".
Criminal Code of Canada (R.S.C., 1985, c. C-46):
"298 (1) A defamatory libel is matter published, ...
that is likely to injure the reputation of any person by exposing him to .. or that is designed 
to insult the person ..."

Please note that if you are suing for libel in Canada, 
you do not need to prove that you suffered damages — 
you only need to prove that a false statement 
with a permanent record was made about you, 
and the court will presume that damages were suffered.

Therefore, in order to avoid law enforcement, it is strongly recommended 
to replace the word "discovered" in the above-mentioned blog 
with the words "made up" voluntarily. 

In other words, the statement should read:
"Four years ago, we MADE UP that my father has an NPD". 
The words should be capitalized and in bold.

Thanks

https://my.clevelandclinic.org/health/diseases/9742-narcissistic-personality-disorder#:~:text=How%20is%20narcissistic%20personality%20disorder,and%20then%20talk%20with%20you.